There are no specefic requirements to run the application itself. What you will need to test out the different behaviors such as Basic Motion, Seek-Steering, and others is to comment some code out and comment other parts in. All of these changes will happen in ofApp.cpp or ofApp.h.

To run "basic motion", make sure you go to ofApp::setup() and comment out code that pushes red boid, blue boid, green boid, and pink boid to a boidGameObjects vector. This ensures no other boids gets drawn other than what need to be. Then in ofApp::update() uncomment the line of code under the Kinematic Updates - Basic Motion and make sure all other setDynamicInput calls for the black boid are commented out (this  ensures the black boid whch is the main boid always follows one blend of dynamic behaviors). In the same function ensure the red boid does not have setDyanmicInput function being called. Also ensure the UpdateFlockingBehaviors() call is commented out as well.  

For the "seek-steering" behaviors, make sure you go to ofApp::setup() and uncomment code that pushes the red boid to a boidGameObjects vector. This will allow us to see the red boid now along with the black boid. Now in the ofApp::update() make sure to comment out the black boid's setKinematicInput function call. In order to test DynamicSeek uncomment the black boid's setDynamicInput function call that takes in seekAndLook behavior. In order to test DynamicArrive uncomment the black boid's setDynamicInput function call that takes in arriveAndLook behavior. 

REMEMBER: the black boid should always have only ONE setDynamicInput call uncommented at all times. 

For the "wander-steering" behaviors, uncomment all the setDynamicInput calls for the black boid first in ofApp::update(). Now in order to test DynamicWander with Look Where You Are Going uncomment the black boid's setDynamicInput function call that takes in wanderAndLook behavior. In order to test the face orientation matching behavior uncomment the black boid's setDynamicInput function call that takes in evadeAndFace behavior. Also, to run wanderAndFace on the black boid you'll need to also uncomment the red boid's setDynamicInput function call that takes in pursueOnly behavior. 

Finally, to test flocking behavior, make sure you go to ofApp::setup() and make sure all the black, red, blue, green and pink boids have the line of code uncommented where they get pushed to a boidGameObjects vector. Then in the ofApp::update() function make sure to uncomment the call to UpdateFlockingBehaviors(). In order to allow the blck boid to act as the wandering leader uncomment the black boid's setDynamicInput function call that takes in wanderAndLook behavior and comment out all other calls black boid makes to setDynamicInput function. Also make sure to comment out any red boid's setDynamicInput function calls. 

The permission to allow mouse input can be set by switching the bool value in ofApp.h (set to false by default). This will allow the red boid's position to be changed based on the LMB click position. 